# OddSocks

This is a very simple SOCKS5 proxy. It implements very simple authentication consisting of
a single unencrypted password that grants access to your IP address (remembered for 7 days).

## Why?

I created this to run on a server I have access to in the US. I can then access US-only sites such as Hulu and Pandora.
I wanted something with basic authentication - a single password I can share with friends.
I found that there was no existing solution to do this, so created this app.

## Security

Authenticated IPs are stored in memory; there is no need for a database. Authentication is implemented by intercepting http requests and diverting them to a "login" page (there is no username though).
This is because (much to my surprise) no browsers implement SOCKS5 authentication (as far as I know).
You may be able to use SOCKS5 authentication through Chrome on OSX, since OSX itself seems to support it (maybe).
But that is not very helpful; hence my approach.

It is currently not very secure at all. The password is sent and stored in plaintext. I'm ok with that though.

## Compilation

Very simple. Either use qmake, or something like

    g++ *.cpp -lpthread -std=c++0x -o OddSocks

## Usage

    ./OddSocks -port 1234 -password ubriaco

Note that everyone else on the same machine will be able to see the password like this. I think there are ways around
it, but the best way would be for me to finish support for the `-config` option!

## Licence

This is licensed under the terms of the GPL3.
